.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Accessibility.md, before:

---
name: Accessibility issue template
about: A template to follow when creating a new issue for accessibility failures
---

If you haven’t already, check out our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/Expensify/ReactNativeChat/blob/main/contributingGuides/CONTRIBUTING.md) for onboarding and email contributors@expensify.com to request to join our Slack channel!
___

## Action Performed:
Break down in numbered steps

## Expected Result:
Describe what you think should've happened

## Actual Result:
Describe what actually happened

## Workaround:
Can the user still use Expensify without this being fixed? Have you informed them of the workaround?

## Area issue was found in:
Where did we find this issue?

## Failed WCAG checkpoints
What WCAG checkpoints were failed?

## User impact:
How does this affect the user?

## Suggested resolution:
What can we do to fix the issue?

## Platform:
<!--- 
Remove any platforms that aren't affected by this issue
--->
Where is this issue occurring?

- Web
- iOS
- Android
- Desktop App
- Mobile Web

**Version Number:**
**Reproducible in staging?:**
**Reproducible in production?:**
**Notes/Photos/Videos:** Any additional supporting documentation
**Issue reported by:**

[View all open jobs on GitHub](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22)

Commit message:

Update issue templates for supported platforms

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Accessibility.md, after:

---
name: Accessibility issue template
about: A template to follow when creating a new issue for accessibility failures
---

If you haven’t already, check out our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/Expensify/ReactNativeChat/blob/main/contributingGuides/CONTRIBUTING.md) for onboarding and email contributors@expensify.com to request to join our Slack channel!
___

## Action Performed:
Break down in numbered steps

## Expected Result:
Describe what you think should've happened

## Actual Result:
Describe what actually happened

## Workaround:
Can the user still use Expensify without this being fixed? Have you informed them of the workaround?

## Area issue was found in:
Where did we find this issue?

## Failed WCAG checkpoints
What WCAG checkpoints were failed?

## User impact:
How does this affect the user?

## Suggested resolution:
What can we do to fix the issue?

## Platforms:
<!--- 
Check off any platforms that are affected by this issue
--->
Which of our officially supported platforms is this issue occurring on?
- [ ] Android / native
- [ ] Android / Chrome
- [ ] iOS / native
- [ ] iOS / Safari
- [ ] MacOS / Chrome / Safari
- [ ] MacOS / Desktop

**Version Number:**
**Reproducible in staging?:**
**Reproducible in production?:**
**Email or phone of affected tester (no customers):**
**Logs:** https://stackoverflow.com/c/expensify/questions/4856
**Notes/Photos/Videos:** Any additional supporting documentation
**Expensify/Expensify Issue URL:**
**Issue reported by:**
**Slack conversation:**

[View all open jobs on GitHub](https://github.com/Expensify/App/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22)
