contributingGuides/REVIEWER_CHECKLIST.md, before:

## Reviewer Checklist

- [ ] I have verified the author checklist is complete (all boxes are checked off).
- [ ] I verified the correct issue is linked in the `### Fixed Issues` section above
- [ ] I verified testing steps are clear and they cover the changes made in this PR
    - [ ] I verified the steps for local testing are in the `Tests` section
    - [ ] I verified the steps for Staging and/or Production testing are in the `QA steps` section
    - [ ] I verified the steps cover any possible failure scenarios (i.e. verify an input displays the correct error message if the entered data is not correct)
    - [ ] I turned off my network connection and tested it while offline to ensure it matches the expected behavior (i.e. verify the default avatar icon is displayed if app is offline)
- [ ] I checked that screenshots or videos are included for tests on [all platforms](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/CONTRIBUTING.md#make-sure-you-can-test-on-all-platforms)
- [ ] I included screenshots or videos for tests on [all platforms](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/CONTRIBUTING.md#make-sure-you-can-test-on-all-platforms)
- [ ] I verified tests pass on **all platforms** & I tested again on:
    - [ ] iOS / native
    - [ ] Android / native
    - [ ] iOS / Safari
    - [ ] Android / Chrome
    - [ ] MacOS / Chrome
    - [ ] MacOS / Desktop
- [ ] If there are any errors in the console that are unrelated to this PR, I either fixed them (preferred) or linked to where I reported them in Slack
- [ ] I verified proper code patterns were followed (see [Reviewing the code](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/PR_REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md#reviewing-the-code))
    - [ ] I verified that any callback methods that were added or modified are named for what the method does and never what callback they handle (i.e. `toggleReport` and not `onIconClick`).
    - [ ] I verified that comments were added to code that is not self explanatory
    - [ ] I verified that any new or modified comments were clear, correct English, and explained "why" the code was doing something instead of only explaining "what" the code was doing.
    - [ ] I verified any copy / text shown in the product is localized by adding it to `src/languages/*` files and using the [translation method](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/4bd99402cebdf4d7394e0d1f260879ea238197eb/src/components/withLocalize.js#L60)
    - [ ] I verified all numbers, amounts, dates and phone numbers shown in the product are using the [localization methods](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/4bd99402cebdf4d7394e0d1f260879ea238197eb/src/components/withLocalize.js#L60-L68)
    - [ ] I verified any copy / text that was added to the app is correct English and approved by marketing by adding the `Waiting for Copy` label for a copy review on the original GH to get the correct copy.
    - [ ] I verified proper file naming conventions were followed for any new files or renamed files. All non-platform specific files are named after what they export and are not named "index.js". All platform-specific files are named for the platform the code supports as outlined in the README.
    - [ ] I verified the JSDocs style guidelines (in [`STYLE.md`](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/STYLE.md#jsdocs)) were followed
- [ ] If a new code pattern is added I verified it was agreed to be used by multiple Expensify engineers
- [ ] I verified that this PR follows the guidelines as stated in the [Review Guidelines](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/PR_REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md)
- [ ] I verified other components that can be impacted by these changes have been tested, and I retested again (i.e. if the PR modifies a shared library or component like `Avatar`, I verified the components using `Avatar` have been tested & I retested again)
- [ ] I verified all code is DRY (the PR doesn't include any logic written more than once, with the exception of tests)
- [ ] I verified any variables that can be defined as constants (ie. in CONST.js or at the top of the file that uses the constant) are defined as such
- [ ] If a new component is created I verified that:
    - [ ] A similar component doesn't exist in the codebase
    - [ ] All props are defined accurately and each prop has a `/** comment above it */`
    - [ ] The file is named correctly
    - [ ] The component has a clear name that is non-ambiguous and the purpose of the component can be inferred from the name alone
    - [ ] The only data being stored in the state is data necessary for rendering and nothing else
    - [ ] For Class Components, any internal methods passed to components event handlers are bound to `this` properly so there are no scoping issues (i.e. for `onClick={this.submit}` the method `this.submit` should be bound to `this` in the constructor)
    - [ ] Any internal methods bound to `this` are necessary to be bound (i.e. avoid `this.submit = this.submit.bind(this);` if `this.submit` is never passed to a component event handler like `onClick`)
    - [ ] All JSX used for rendering exists in the render method
    - [ ] The component has the minimum amount of code necessary for its purpose, and it is broken down into smaller components in order to separate concerns and functions
- [ ] If a new CSS style is added I verified that:
    - [ ] A similar style doesn't already exist
    - [ ] The style can't be created with an existing [StyleUtils](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/src/styles/StyleUtils.js) function (i.e. `StyleUtils.getBackgroundAndBorderStyle(themeColors.componentBG`)
- [ ] If the PR modifies a generic component, I tested and verified that those changes do not break usages of that component in the rest of the App (i.e. if a shared library or component like `Avatar` is modified, I verified that `Avatar` is working as expected in all cases)
- [ ] If the PR modifies a component related to any of the existing Storybook stories, I tested and verified all stories for that component are still working as expected.
- [ ] If a new page is added, I verified it's using the `ScrollView` component to make it scrollable when more elements are added to the page.
- [ ] I have checked off every checkbox in the PR reviewer checklist, including those that don't apply to this PR.

### Screenshots/Videos
<details>
<summary>Web</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Mobile Web - Chrome</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Mobile Web - Safari</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Desktop</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>iOS</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Android</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

Commit message:

Add checlist item for file descriptions

contributingGuides/REVIEWER_CHECKLIST.md, after:

## Reviewer Checklist

- [ ] I have verified the author checklist is complete (all boxes are checked off).
- [ ] I verified the correct issue is linked in the `### Fixed Issues` section above
- [ ] I verified testing steps are clear and they cover the changes made in this PR
    - [ ] I verified the steps for local testing are in the `Tests` section
    - [ ] I verified the steps for Staging and/or Production testing are in the `QA steps` section
    - [ ] I verified the steps cover any possible failure scenarios (i.e. verify an input displays the correct error message if the entered data is not correct)
    - [ ] I turned off my network connection and tested it while offline to ensure it matches the expected behavior (i.e. verify the default avatar icon is displayed if app is offline)
- [ ] I checked that screenshots or videos are included for tests on [all platforms](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/CONTRIBUTING.md#make-sure-you-can-test-on-all-platforms)
- [ ] I included screenshots or videos for tests on [all platforms](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/CONTRIBUTING.md#make-sure-you-can-test-on-all-platforms)
- [ ] I verified tests pass on **all platforms** & I tested again on:
    - [ ] iOS / native
    - [ ] Android / native
    - [ ] iOS / Safari
    - [ ] Android / Chrome
    - [ ] MacOS / Chrome
    - [ ] MacOS / Desktop
- [ ] If there are any errors in the console that are unrelated to this PR, I either fixed them (preferred) or linked to where I reported them in Slack
- [ ] I verified proper code patterns were followed (see [Reviewing the code](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/PR_REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md#reviewing-the-code))
    - [ ] I verified that any callback methods that were added or modified are named for what the method does and never what callback they handle (i.e. `toggleReport` and not `onIconClick`).
    - [ ] I verified that comments were added to code that is not self explanatory
    - [ ] I verified that any new or modified comments were clear, correct English, and explained "why" the code was doing something instead of only explaining "what" the code was doing.
    - [ ] I verified any copy / text shown in the product is localized by adding it to `src/languages/*` files and using the [translation method](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/4bd99402cebdf4d7394e0d1f260879ea238197eb/src/components/withLocalize.js#L60)
    - [ ] I verified all numbers, amounts, dates and phone numbers shown in the product are using the [localization methods](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/4bd99402cebdf4d7394e0d1f260879ea238197eb/src/components/withLocalize.js#L60-L68)
    - [ ] I verified any copy / text that was added to the app is correct English and approved by marketing by adding the `Waiting for Copy` label for a copy review on the original GH to get the correct copy.
    - [ ] I verified proper file naming conventions were followed for any new files or renamed files. All non-platform specific files are named after what they export and are not named "index.js". All platform-specific files are named for the platform the code supports as outlined in the README.
    - [ ] I verified the JSDocs style guidelines (in [`STYLE.md`](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/STYLE.md#jsdocs)) were followed
- [ ] If a new code pattern is added I verified it was agreed to be used by multiple Expensify engineers
- [ ] I verified that this PR follows the guidelines as stated in the [Review Guidelines](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/contributingGuides/PR_REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md)
- [ ] I verified other components that can be impacted by these changes have been tested, and I retested again (i.e. if the PR modifies a shared library or component like `Avatar`, I verified the components using `Avatar` have been tested & I retested again)
- [ ] I verified all code is DRY (the PR doesn't include any logic written more than once, with the exception of tests)
- [ ] I verified any variables that can be defined as constants (ie. in CONST.js or at the top of the file that uses the constant) are defined as such
- [ ] If a new component is created I verified that:
    - [ ] A similar component doesn't exist in the codebase
    - [ ] All props are defined accurately and each prop has a `/** comment above it */`
    - [ ] The file is named correctly
    - [ ] The component has a clear name that is non-ambiguous and the purpose of the component can be inferred from the name alone
    - [ ] The only data being stored in the state is data necessary for rendering and nothing else
    - [ ] For Class Components, any internal methods passed to components event handlers are bound to `this` properly so there are no scoping issues (i.e. for `onClick={this.submit}` the method `this.submit` should be bound to `this` in the constructor)
    - [ ] Any internal methods bound to `this` are necessary to be bound (i.e. avoid `this.submit = this.submit.bind(this);` if `this.submit` is never passed to a component event handler like `onClick`)
    - [ ] All JSX used for rendering exists in the render method
    - [ ] The component has the minimum amount of code necessary for its purpose, and it is broken down into smaller components in order to separate concerns and functions
- [ ] If any new file was added I verified that:
    - [ ] The file has a description of what it does and/or why is needed at the top of the file if the code is not self explanatory
- [ ] If a new CSS style is added I verified that:
    - [ ] A similar style doesn't already exist
    - [ ] The style can't be created with an existing [StyleUtils](https://github.com/Expensify/App/blob/main/src/styles/StyleUtils.js) function (i.e. `StyleUtils.getBackgroundAndBorderStyle(themeColors.componentBG`)
- [ ] If the PR modifies a generic component, I tested and verified that those changes do not break usages of that component in the rest of the App (i.e. if a shared library or component like `Avatar` is modified, I verified that `Avatar` is working as expected in all cases)
- [ ] If the PR modifies a component related to any of the existing Storybook stories, I tested and verified all stories for that component are still working as expected.
- [ ] If a new page is added, I verified it's using the `ScrollView` component to make it scrollable when more elements are added to the page.
- [ ] I have checked off every checkbox in the PR reviewer checklist, including those that don't apply to this PR.

### Screenshots/Videos
<details>
<summary>Web</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Mobile Web - Chrome</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Mobile Web - Safari</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Desktop</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>iOS</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>

<details>
<summary>Android</summary>

<!-- add screenshots or videos here -->

</details>
