docs/TEMPLATE.md, before:

---
---
<!-- The lines above are required by Jekyll to process the .md file -->

# About
<!--
This short blurb provides all the context the user might need to know what the feature is and why they'd use it. If there are particular best practices embedded in the design, we'd explain why they're best practices here.

What advantages does this feature provide in general?
What is unique about this feature in terms of our specific implementation of it in Expensify?
-->

# How-to
<!--
This section covers the most essential information a user needs to operate a feature i.e. what to click on. We’ll go over any action the user might take when configuring or using the feature, starting from configuration and moving to usage.

What options does a user have when configuring this feature?
What options does a user have then interacting with this feature?
What elements of this feature are pay-walled vs. free?
-->

# FAQ
<!--
This section covers the useful but not as vital information, it should capture commonly queried elements which do not organically form part of the About or How-to sections.

- What's idiosyncratic or potentially confusing about this feature?
- Is there anything unique about how this feature relates to billing/activity?
- If this feature is released, are there any common confusions that can't be solved by improvements to the product itself?
- Similarly, if this feature hasn't been released, can you predict and pre-empt any potential confusion?
- Is there any general troubleshooting for this feature?
 - Note: troubleshooting should generally go in the FAQ, but if there is extensive troubleshooting, such as with integrations, that will be housed in a separate page, stored with and linked from the main page for that feature.
-->

# Deep Dive
<!--
This section will be the final nice-to-know section which covers additional Best Practices that apply to niche use-cases, alternate setup configurations, and in-depth details for parts of a feature that do not apply to all users. These will likely only be required for very complex features with high configurability.

- Is the feature multi-layered (contains features within features) and needs further explanation in this section? Example: Managing Domains.
- Does the feature have several different variables that can cause different outcomes for different customers? Example: Billing.
- Does the feature have optional enhancements that can be used in different ways depending on the use case? Example: Category-specifc rules.
-->

Commit message:

update template with meta description variables

docs/TEMPLATE.md, after:

---
title: The title of the post, page, or document
description: A short description of the page's content
image: URL to an image associated with the post, page, or document (e.g., /assets/page-pic.jpg)
author: Page-, post-, or document-specific author information (see [Advanced usage](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-seo-tag/blob/master/docs/advanced-usage.md#author-information))
locale: Page-, post-, or document-specific locale information. Takes priority over existing front matter attribute lang.
---
<!-- The lines above are required by Jekyll to process the .md file -->

# About
<!--
This short blurb provides all the context the user might need to know what the feature is and why they'd use it. If there are particular best practices embedded in the design, we'd explain why they're best practices here.

What advantages does this feature provide in general?
What is unique about this feature in terms of our specific implementation of it in Expensify?
-->

# How-to
<!--
This section covers the most essential information a user needs to operate a feature i.e. what to click on. We’ll go over any action the user might take when configuring or using the feature, starting from configuration and moving to usage.

What options does a user have when configuring this feature?
What options does a user have then interacting with this feature?
What elements of this feature are pay-walled vs. free?
-->

# FAQ
<!--
This section covers the useful but not as vital information, it should capture commonly queried elements which do not organically form part of the About or How-to sections.

- What's idiosyncratic or potentially confusing about this feature?
- Is there anything unique about how this feature relates to billing/activity?
- If this feature is released, are there any common confusions that can't be solved by improvements to the product itself?
- Similarly, if this feature hasn't been released, can you predict and pre-empt any potential confusion?
- Is there any general troubleshooting for this feature?
 - Note: troubleshooting should generally go in the FAQ, but if there is extensive troubleshooting, such as with integrations, that will be housed in a separate page, stored with and linked from the main page for that feature.
-->

# Deep Dive
<!--
This section will be the final nice-to-know section which covers additional Best Practices that apply to niche use-cases, alternate setup configurations, and in-depth details for parts of a feature that do not apply to all users. These will likely only be required for very complex features with high configurability.

- Is the feature multi-layered (contains features within features) and needs further explanation in this section? Example: Managing Domains.
- Does the feature have several different variables that can cause different outcomes for different customers? Example: Billing.
- Does the feature have optional enhancements that can be used in different ways depending on the use case? Example: Category-specifc rules.
-->
